---
# https://vitepress.dev/reference/default-theme-home-page
layout: home

hero:
  name: "Rotki"
  text: The portfolio manager that protects your privacy
  tagline: All you need to start using rotki, or contributing to it.
  image:
    src: /logo.png
    alt: rotki
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Read the documentation
      link: /requirement-and-installation
    - theme: alt
      text: Download rotki
      link: https://rotki.com/download

features:
  - title: Open Source
    details: rotki's source code is available to inspect, modify and enhance.
  - title: Local app
    details: rotki is a local-first application with a strong focus on user privacy.
  - title: Own your data
    details: Your financial data is kept encrypted in your system and not shared with third parties.
---

## What is rotki?

rotki is an asset management and accounting application specializing in Crypto assets and aims to also help with tax reporting. It has integration for multiple exchanges with more coming soon. For more info check out our [FAQ](/faq).

## Disclaimer

ROTKI'S SERVICE IS INTENDED ONLY TO IMPORT, DISPLAY, STORE, AND GENERATE REPORTS AND STATISTICS FROM CRYPTOCURRENCY TRANSACTION DATA AND OTHER ASSETS. YOU, AS THE USER OF THE SERVICE, ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TRANSACTION DATA IMPORTED, STORED, AND ANALYZED BY THE SERVICE. IF INACCURATE OR INCOMPLETE TRANSACTION DATA IS PROVIDED TO THE SERVICE, THE REPORTS GENERATED BY THE SERVICE WILL ALSO BE INACCURATE OR INCOMPLETE.

ROTKI DOES NOT PROVIDE TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE THROUGH THE SERVICE AND THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE OR FOR YOUR OWN DILIGENCE IN ENSURING THE ACCURACY OF ANY AND ALL INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT TO TAX AUTHORITIES. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO PRESENT YOUR TRANSACTION DATA AND ANY REPORTS GENERATED BY THE SERVICE TO YOUR TAX OR LEGAL ADVISORS FOR REVIEW. ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF YOUR ACCOUNTANTS, ATTORNEYS, OR OTHER QUALIFIED TAX ADVISORS WITH ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE REGARDING YOUR TAX LIABILITY. NEVER DISREGARD PROFESSIONAL TAX OR LEGAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ OR BEEN PROVIDED FROM THE SERVICE.

THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED FOR CONTINUOUS MONITORING OF TRANSACTION DATA OR FOR AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION OF YOUR TRANSACTION DATA OR ANY REPORTS OR SAMPLE FORMS GENERATED BY THE SERVICE TO ANY TAX AUTHORITY. YOU CANNOT SUBMIT PAYMENT TO ANY TAX AUTHORITY THROUGH THE SERVICE, AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PAYMENT OR NON-PAYMENT OF TAXES BY YOU.

## Where to start?

If this is the first time looking at rotki you will probably want to visit the [Installation Guide](/requirement-and-installation/). Once you have successfully managed to install rotki you can proceed to the [Usage Guide](/usage-guides/). If you wish to contribute to rotki please check the [Contribution Guide](/contribution-guides/).
